CITRIX LICENSE AGREEMENT

This is a legal agreement ("AGREEMENT") between the end-user customer ("you"), and the providing Citrix entity (the applicable providing entity is hereinafter referred to as "CITRIX"). Your location of receipt of Citrix product (hereinafter "PRODUCT") and software maintenance (hereinafter "MAINTENANCE") determines the providing entity hereunder.  Citrix Systems, Inc., a Delaware corporation, licenses the PRODUCT and provides MAINTENANCE in the Americas. Citrix Systems International GmbH, a Swiss company wholly owned by Citrix Systems, Inc., licenses the PRODUCT and provides MAINTENANCE in Europe, the Middle East, and Africa. Citrix Systems Asia Pacific Pty Ltd. licenses the PRODUCT and provides MAINTENANCE in Asia and the Pacific (excluding Japan). Citrix Systems Japan KK licenses the PRODUCT and provides MAINTENANCE in Japan. BY INSTALLING AND/OR USING THE PRODUCT, YOU ARE AGREEING TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, DO NOT INSTALL AND/OR USE THE PRODUCT.  Nothing contained in any purchase order or any other document submitted by you shall in any way modify or add to the terms and conditions contained in this AGREEMENT.
1.	PRODUCT LICENSES. 
a.	End User Licenses. The PRODUCT is made available by CITRIX under the license models identified at http://www.citrix.com/buy/licensing/product.html. Notwithstanding anything set forth in this AGREEMENT or at the referenced website, your use of Open Source Software shall in all ways be exclusively governed by the open source license indicated as applicable to the code at http://www.citrix.com/buy/licensing/open-source.html. "Open Source Software" means those portions of the PRODUCT that are made available by CITRIX under an open source license (e.g., a version of a GNU General Public License, BSD or a license similar to those approved by the Open Source Initiative (http://opensource.org)).  
Your license to the PRODUCT will be activated by license keys that allow use of the PRODUCT in increments defined by the license model purchased ("License Keys"). License Keys for other CITRIX products or other editions of the same PRODUCT may not be used to increase the allowable use for your edition of the PRODUCT. 
b.	Partner Demo. If the PRODUCT is labeled "Partner Demo," notwithstanding any term to the contrary in this AGREEMENT, your license permits use only if you are a current CITRIX authorized distributor or reseller, and then only for demonstration, test, or evaluation purposes in support of your end-user customers, and not for any other purpose, including without limitation customer training or production purposes. Note that a Partner Demo PRODUCT may disable itself upon the expiration of the License Key. In no event may a Partner Demo PRODUCT be used beyond expiration.
c.	Evaluation. If the PRODUCT is labeled "Evaluation," notwithstanding any term to the contrary in this AGREEMENT, your license permits use only if you are an end-user customer and then only for your internal demonstration, test, or evaluation purposes, and not for any other purpose, including without limitation production purposes. Your license is for ninety (90) days with NO RIGHT TO MAINTENANCE, ANY WARRANTY OR INFRINGEMENT INDEMNIFICATION. Note that an Evaluation PRODUCT may disable itself upon the expiration of the License Key. In no event may an Evaluation PRODUCT be used beyond expiration.
d.	Archive Copy. You may make one (1) copy of the PRODUCT in machine-readable form solely for back-up and/or disaster recovery purposes, provided that you reproduce all proprietary notices on the copy.
2.	MAINTENANCE. The MAINTENANCE plan applicable to this PRODUCT is identified at http://www.citrix.com/buy/licensing/product.html. MAINTENANCE may be required and may need to be purchased separately. MAINTENANCE may include access to software-as-a-service (SaaS). If so, the terms of service for the relevant service are identified at http://www.citrix.com/buy/licensing/agreements.html. MAINTENANCE begins on the date the License Keys for the PRODUCT are made available to you by email. Your plan shall continue for a one (1) year term and may be extended by your purchase of available annual renewals (the "MAINTENANCE Term"). During the initial or a renewal MAINTENANCE Term, CITRIX will make any Updates for the PRODUCT covered by the plan available to you. An "Update" shall mean a generally available release of the same edition of the same PRODUCT which Citrix makes available from time to time. Updates shall be considered to be a part of the PRODUCT and subject to the terms of this AGREEMENT, except that Updates are not covered by the Limited Warranty applicable to the PRODUCT, to the extent permitted by applicable law. You acknowledge that CITRIX may develop and market new or different computer programs or editions of the PRODUCT that use portions of the PRODUCT and that perform all or part of the functions performed by the PRODUCT. Nothing contained in this AGREEMENT shall give you any rights with respect to such new or different computer programs or editions. The plan may be purchased for the PRODUCT until it is no longer offered in accordance with the applicable CITRIX PRODUCT Support Lifecycle Policy posted at http://www.citrix.com/support/product-lifecycle.html. You also acknowledge that CITRIX is not obligated to make any Updates available. Any deliveries of Updates shall be electronic. The plan may include technical support if so stated at http:// www.citrix.com/support/programs.html. The offering you purchase determines your entitlement. In addition to your plan, you may also purchase CITRIX consulting services. CITRIX’ provision of technical support or consulting services is predicated upon the following responsibilities being fulfilled by you: (i) you will designate a Customer Support Manager ("CSM") who will be the primary administrative contact; (ii) you agree to perform reasonable problem determination activities and to perform reasonable problem resolution activities as suggested by CITRIX; (iii) you are responsible for implementing procedures necessary to safeguard the integrity and security of software and data from unauthorized access and for reconstructing any lost or altered files resulting from catastrophic failures; (iv) you are responsible for procuring, installing, and maintaining all equipment, telephone lines, communications interfaces, and other hardware at your site and providing CITRIX with access to your facilities as required to operate the PRODUCT and permitting CITRIX to perform the service; and (v) you are required to implement all currently available and applicable hotfixes, hotfix rollup packs, and service packs or their equivalent to the PRODUCT in a timely manner. CITRIX is not required to provide any technical support for problems arising out of: (i) your or any third party’s alterations or additions to the PRODUCT, operating system or environment; (ii) CITRIX provided alterations or additions to the PRODUCT that do not address Errors or Defects; (ii) any functionality not defined in the user documentation published by CITRIX and included with the PRODUCT (hereinafter "Documentation"); (iii) use of the PRODUCT on a processor or peripherals other than the processor and peripherals defined in the Documentation; (iv) any PRODUCT that has reached End-of-Life; and (v) any consulting deliverables from CITRIX, you or any third party. An "Error" is defined as a failure in the PRODUCT to materially conform to the functionality defined in the documentation. A "Defect" is defined as a failure in the PRODUCT to conform to the specifications in the documentation. In situations where CITRIX cannot provide a satisfactory resolution to your critical problem through normal technical support methods, CITRIX may engage its product development team to create a private fix. Private fixes are designed to address your specific situation and may not be distributed by you outside your organization without written consent from CITRIX. CITRIX retains all right, title, and interest in and to all private fixes. Any hotfixes or private fixes are not provided as the PRODUCT under the terms of this AGREEMENT and they are not covered by the Limited Warranty or Infringement Indemnification applicable to the PRODUCT, to the extent permitted by applicable law. With respect to CITRIX consulting services, all intellectual property rights in all deliverables, pre-existing works and derivative works of such pre-existing works, as well as developments made, conceived, created, discovered, invented, or reduced to practice in the performance of the assessment are and shall remain the sole and absolute property of CITRIX, subject to a worldwide, non-exclusive license to you for internal use.
3.	DESCRIPTION OF OTHER RIGHTS, LIMITATIONS, AND OBLIGATIONS. You may not transfer, rent, timeshare, grant rights in or lease the PRODUCT except to the extent such foregoing restriction is prohibited by applicable mandatory law. If you purchased or otherwise received replacement License Keys as part of a PRODUCT upgrade or otherwise and such replacement is a condition of the transaction, you agree to destroy the original License Keys and retain no copies after installation of the new License Keys and PRODUCT. You shall provide the serial numbers of the original License Keys and corresponding replacement License Keys to the reseller and, upon request, directly to CITRIX for tracking purposes. In the event you make a transfer of the PRODUCT in the EU or EER, to the extent permitted by law notwithstanding the terms of this AGREEMENT, you must uninstall the PRODUCT and License Keys, transfer them to the transferee and retain no copies. The transferee must accept the terms of this AGREEMENT. You must provide evidence that the conditions for a lawful transfer of the PRODUCT are met.  All warranty, MAINTENANCE and infringement indemnification rights will terminate upon such transfer and will not be available to the transferee. You must comply with applicable export laws with respect to such a transfer. You may not modify, translate, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, create derivative works based on or copy the PRODUCT, except as expressly licensed in this AGREEMENT, or to the extent such foregoing restriction is expressly prohibited by applicable mandatory law. You may not remove any proprietary notices, labels, or marks on the PRODUCT. To the extent permitted by applicable law, you agree to allow CITRIX to audit your compliance with the terms of this AGREEMENT upon prior written notice and during normal business hours. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this AGREEMENT shall not prevent or restrict you from exercising additional or different rights to any portions of the PRODUCT that are Open Source Software. 
ALL RIGHTS IN THE PRODUCT NOT EXPRESSLY GRANTED ARE RESERVED BY CITRIX OR ITS LICENSORS. CITRIX and/or its licensors own and retain all title and ownership of all intellectual property rights in and to the PRODUCT, including any adaptations, modifications, translations, derivative works or copies.
4.	INFRINGEMENT INDEMNIFICATION. In the event of any claim, suit, or proceeding brought against you based on an allegation that a PRODUCT or consulting deliverable hereunder (excluding Open Source Software unless noted at http://www.citrix.com/buy/licensing/product.html) infringes upon any patent, copyright or trade secret of any third party ("Infringement Claim"), CITRIX shall defend, or at its option, settle such Infringement Claim, and shall pay all costs (including attorney’s fees) associated with the defense of such Infringement Claim, and all damages finally awarded or settlements undertaken by CITRIX in resolution of such Infringement Claim, provided you: promptly notify CITRIX in writing of your notification or discovery of an Infringement Claim such that CITRIX is not prejudiced by any delay in such notification; give CITRIX sole control over the defense or settlement of the Infringement Claim; and provide reasonable assistance in the defense of the same. Following notice of an Infringement Claim, or if CITRIX believes such a claim is likely, CITRIX may at its sole expense and option: (i) procure for you the right to continue to use the alleged infringing PRODUCT or consulting deliverable; (ii) replace or modify the PRODUCT or consulting deliverable to make it non-infringing; or (iii) accept return of the PRODUCT or consulting deliverable and, for the PRODUCT, provide you with a prorated refund using a three (3) year straight line depreciation basis, or, for the consulting deliverable, refund payments made for the deliverable. CITRIX assumes no liability for any Infringement Claims or allegations of infringement based on: (i) your use of any PRODUCT or consulting deliverable after notice that you should cease use of such PRODUCT or consulting deliverable due to an Infringement Claim; (ii) any modification of the PRODUCT or consulting deliverable by you or at your direction; (iii) your combination of the PRODUCT or consulting deliverable with non-CITRIX hardware, software, services, data or other content or materials if such Infringement Claim would have been avoided by the use of the PRODUCT or consulting deliverable alone.  THE FOREGOING STATES YOUR EXCLUSIVE REMEDY WITH RESPECT TO ANY INFRINGEMENT CLAIM.
5.	LIMITED WARRANTY AND DISCLAIMER. CITRIX warrants that for a period of ninety (90) days from the date of delivery of the License Keys to you, the PRODUCT will perform substantially in accordance with the PRODUCT’S documentation published by CITRIX and included with the PRODUCT. CITRIX and its licensors’ and suppliers’ ("SUPPLIERS’") entire liability and your exclusive remedy under this warranty (which is subject to your return of the PRODUCT to CITRIX or an authorized reseller) will be, at the sole option of CITRIX and subject to applicable law, to replace the PRODUCT or to refund the purchase price and terminate your license to the PRODUCT. This limited warranty does not cover any modification of the PRODUCT by you. CITRIX will provide MAINTENANCE technical support and consulting services in a professional and workmanlike manner, but CITRIX cannot guarantee that every question or problem raised by you will be resolved or resolved in a certain amount of time. Citrix does not warrant in any form the results or achievements of the PRODUCT, technical support, consulting services or related deliverables. With respect to technical support, CITRIX’ and its SUPPLIERS’ entire liability and your exclusive remedy under this warranty is re-performance of the services.  With respect to consulting services, CITRIX’ and its SUPPLIERS’ entire liability and your exclusive remedy under this warranty is re-performance of the services or, if re-performance is not possible or conforming, refund of amounts paid for the non-conforming services.
TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW AND EXCEPT FOR THE ABOVE LIMITED WARRANTY, CITRIX AND ITS SUPPLIERS MAKE AND YOU RECEIVE NO WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY, OR OTHERWISE; AND CITRIX AND ITS SUPPLIERS SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM WITH RESPECT TO THE PRODUCT, MAINTENANCE AND ANY OTHER SOFTWARE OR SERVICE DELIVERED HEREUNDER, ANY CONDITIONS OF QUALITY, AVAILABILITY, RELIABILITY, SECURITY, LACK OF VIRUSES, BUGS, OR ERRORS, AND ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF TITLE, QUIET ENJOYMENT, QUIET POSSESSION, MERCHANTABILITY, NONINFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE PRODUCT IS NOT DESIGNED, MANUFACTURED, OR INTENDED FOR USE OR DISTRIBUTION WITH ANY EQUIPMENT THE FAILURE OF WHICH COULD LEAD DIRECTLY TO DEATH, PERSONAL INJURY, OR SEVERE PHYSICAL OR ENVIRONMENTAL DAMAGE. YOU ASSUME THE RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE SELECTION OF THE PRODUCT AND HARDWARE TO ACHIEVE YOUR INTENDED RESULTS, AND FOR THE INSTALLATION OF, USE OF, AND RESULTS OBTAINED FROM THE PRODUCT AND HARDWARE.
6.	EXPORT RESTRICTION. You agree that you will not export, re-export, or import the PRODUCT, MAINTENANCE or any other software or service delivered hereunder in any form without the appropriate government licenses. You understand that under no circumstances may the PRODUCT, MAINTENANCE or any other software or service delivered hereunder be exported to any country subject to U.S. embargo or to U.S.-designated denied persons or prohibited entities or U.S. specially designated nationals.
7.	LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. EXCEPT FOR CITRIX’ INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN SECTION 4, AND TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU AGREE THAT NEITHER CITRIX NOR ITS AFFILIATES, SUPPLIERS, OR AUTHORIZED DISTRIBUTORS SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OF DATA OR PRIVACY, LOSS OF INCOME, LOSS OF OPPORTUNITY OR PROFITS, COST OF RECOVERY, LOSS, HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF THE PRODUCT, MAINTENANCE OR ANY OTHER SOFTWARE OR SERVICE DELIVERED HEREUNDER, OR DAMAGE ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF THIRD PARTY PRODUCTS OR HARDWARE OR ANY OTHER SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR INDIRECT DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT; OR THE USE OF THE PRODUCT OR MAINTENANCE; OR YOUR EXPORTATION, REEXPORTATION, OR IMPORTATION OF THE PRODUCT, HARDWARE OR MAINTENANCE,. THIS LIMITATION WILL APPLY EVEN IF CITRIX, ITS AFFILIATES, SUPPLIERS, OR AUTHORIZED DISTRIBUTORS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. EXCEPT FOR CITRIX’ INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN SECTION 4 (UNLESS NOTED AT http://www.citrix.com/buy/licensing/product.html), AND TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL THE TOTAL AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF CITRIX, ITS AFFILIATES, SUPPLIERS, OR AUTHORIZED DISTRIBUTORS EXCEED THE AMOUNT PAID FOR THE PRODUCT AND/OR MAINTENANCE TERM AT ISSUE. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE PRODUCT AND MAINTENANCE FEES REFLECT THESE ALLOCATIONS OF RISK. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. For purposes of this Section, the term "AFFILIATE" shall mean any legal entity fifty percent (50%) or more of the voting interests in which are owned directly or indirectly by CITRIX. AFFILIATES, SUPPLIERS, and authorized distributors are intended to be third party beneficiaries of this AGREEMENT.
8.	TERMINATION. This AGREEMENT is effective until terminated. You may terminate this AGREEMENT at any time by removing the PRODUCT from your computers and destroying all copies and providing written notice to CITRIX with the serial numbers of the terminated License Keys. CITRIX may terminate this AGREEMENT at any time for your breach of this AGREEMENT. Unauthorized copying of the PRODUCT or the accompanying documentation or otherwise failing to comply with the license grant of this AGREEMENT will result in automatic termination of this AGREEMENT and will make available to CITRIX all other legal remedies. You agree and acknowledge that your material breach of this AGREEMENT shall cause CITRIX irreparable harm for which monetary damages alone would be inadequate and that, to the extent permitted by applicable law, CITRIX shall be entitled to injunctive or equitable relief without the need for posting a bond. Upon termination of this AGREEMENT, the PRODUCT licenses granted hereunder will terminate and you must immediately destroy the PRODUCT and accompanying documentation, and all backup copies thereof.  Any termination of consulting services is subject to the applicable scope definition, and you shall pay for services provided prior to the termination.  All purchases are final with no right of refund, other than under the warranty or infringement indemnification terms of this AGREEMENT. 
9.	U.S. GOVERNMENT END-USERS. If you are a U.S. Government agency, in accordance with Section 12.212 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation (48 CFR 12.212 (October 1995)) and Sections 227.7202-1 and 227.7202-3 of the Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (48 CFR 227.7202-1, 227.7202-3 (June 1995)), you hereby acknowledge that the PRODUCT constitutes "Commercial Computer Software" and that the use, duplication, and disclosure of the PRODUCT by the U.S. Government or any of its agencies is governed by, and is subject to, all of the terms, conditions, restrictions, and limitations set forth in this standard commercial license AGREEMENT. In the event that, for any reason, Sections 12.212, 227.7202-1 or 227.7202-3 are deemed not applicable, you hereby acknowledge that the Government’s right to use, duplicate, or disclose the PRODUCT are "Restricted Rights" as defined in 48 CFR Section 52.227-19(c)(1) and (2) (June 1987), or DFARS 252.227-7014(a)(14) (June 1995), as applicable. Manufacturer is Citrix Systems, Inc., 851 West Cypress Creek Road, Fort Lauderdale, Florida, 33309.
10.	AUTHORIZED DISTRIBUTORS AND RESELLERS. CITRIX authorized distributors and resellers do not have the right to make modifications to this AGREEMENT or to make any additional representations, commitments, or warranties binding on CITRIX.
11.	CHOICE OF LAW AND VENUE. If the providing entity is Citrix Systems, Inc., this AGREEMENT will be governed by the laws of the State of Florida without reference to conflict of laws principles and excluding the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods, and in any dispute arising out of this AGREEMENT, you consent to the exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue in the State and Federal courts within Broward County, Florida. If the providing entity is Citrix Systems International GmbH, this AGREEMENT will be governed by the laws of Switzerland without reference to the conflict of laws principles, and excluding the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods, and in any dispute arising out of this AGREEMENT, you consent to the exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue of the competent courts in the Canton of Zurich. If the providing entity is Citrix Systems Asia Pacific Pty Ltd, this AGREEMENT will be governed by the laws of the State of New South Wales, Australia without reference to conflict of laws principles and excluding the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods, and in any dispute arising out of this AGREEMENT, you consent to the exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue of the competent courts sitting in the State of New South Wales. If the providing entity is Citrix Systems Japan KK, this AGREEMENT will be governed by the laws of Japan without reference to conflict of laws principles and excluding the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods, and in any dispute arising out of this AGREEMENT, you consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Tokyo District Court. If any provision of this AGREEMENT is invalid or unenforceable under applicable law, it shall be to that extent deemed omitted and the remaining provisions will continue in full force and effect. To the extent a provision is deemed omitted, the parties agree to comply with the remaining terms of this AGREEMENT in a manner consistent with the original intent of the AGREEMENT.
12.	HOW TO CONTACT CITRIX. Should you have any questions concerning this AGREEMENT or want to contact CITRIX for any reason, write to CITRIX at the following address: Citrix Systems, Inc., Customer Service, 851 West Cypress Creek Road, Ft. Lauderdale, Florida 33309; Citrix Systems International GmbH, Rheinweg 9, CH-8200 Schaffhausen, Switzerland; Citrix Systems Asia Pacific Pty Ltd., Level 3, 1 Julius Ave., Riverside Corporate Park, North Ryde NSW 2113, Sydney, Australia; or Citrix Systems Japan KK, 24F, 3- 2-1, Kasumigaseki, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 100-0013, Japan.
13.	TRADEMARKS. This Agreement does not grant you the right to use any CITRIX trade or service mark. For information about proper permitted usage of CITRIX trademarks please see: http://www.citrix.com/about/legal/brand-guidelines.html .
